---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-30T20:50:28.949Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-30T20:50:14.880Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-30-f896203d-86ed-4362-8b4b-abdcacb63006.md
published: true
url: f896203d-86ed-4362-8b4b-abdcacb63006/index.html
_type: Article

---
This new season marks
one year that we started Hot Shots. We were lucky to have a good group of kids
and parents grouped together. In this short time, the boys have gone from
playing 6 v 6 to 9 v 9\. This is a big jump, and while they're going to be
playing at a higher level, it's time more thought is put into how the team is
run.  

ave
fun, teach skills, and nurture the talent we have. Games are more fun, but the
real development happens at practices, where players touch the ball more, play
more and get more individual attention. I can't emphasize enough how important
it is to come to practice. It really is the key for us to help the boys acquire
skills and gain confidence. Although
I know I want to win every game, and most of the boys as shown by their tears
feel this way too, our top priority has to be to develop the best players
possible. We'll work to h

e're going to start using motivational patches. These will be
iron-on patches the kids can receive from things like Attending Practice,
Hustling,  Being Brave, Good Defense, Passing, etc. Ideally, it will give
the kids positive reinforcement to work towards the goals we're teaching. To help encourage the boys, w

For this to work, I need to ask parents to make an
investment in a backpack or sports bag. Backpacks are used by academy teams,
and so the boys have seen and will keep seeing them. These bags can hold their
ball and water bottle. I'll send out some links on very affordable backpacks
and bags. I don't think it's necessary to have the same kind, but if they were
all black, I think that would look nice. 

Finally, it's become really apparent that the kids who
are really playing at a higher level have been exposed to a lot of soccer. This
can be from older siblings or from watching games. If there's no older sibling,
we can't do anything about that, but we can help the boys see pros play and how
these skills we work on look in action. I'm going to start a simple website
that has both videos for skills and some that highlight great players showing
off these skills and more. This can be a good resource for the boys. We will
talk about that more throughout the season. 

That's it. Looking forward to a great season. 

- Jason and Denis