---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-30T05:42:45.195Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-30T05:41:42.464Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-30-c9a47d05-fa87-46ac-9f25-87a5db08c3b1.md
published: true
url: c9a47d05-fa87-46ac-9f25-87a5db08c3b1/index.html
_type: Article

---
null

**A New Season and Some New Ideas**

ave fun, teach skills, and nurture the talent we have. Games are more fun, but the real development happens at practices, where players touch the ball more, play more and get more individual attention. I can't emphasize enough how important it is to come to practice. It really is the key for us to help the boys acquire skills and gain confidence. 

To help encourage the boys, we're going to start using motivational patches. These will be iron-on patches the kids can receive from things like Attending Practice, Hustling,  Being Brave, Good Defense, Passing, etc. Ideally, it will give the kids positive reinforcement to work towards the goals we're teaching. 

For this to work, I need to ask parents to make an investment in a backpack or sports bag. Backpacks are used by academy teams, and so the boys have seen and will keep seeing them. These bags can hold their ball and water bottle. I'll send out some links on very affordable backpacks and bags. I don't think it's necessary to have the same kind, but if they were all black, I think that would look nice. 

Finally, it's become really apparent that the kids who are really playing at a higher level have been exposed to a lot of soccer. This can be from older siblings or from watching games. If there's no older sibling, we can't do anything about that, but we can help the boys see pros play and how these skills we work on look in action. I'm going to start a simple website that has both videos for skills and some that highlight great players showing off these skills and more. This can be a good resource for the boys. We will talk about that more throughout the season. 

That's it. Looking forward to a great season. 

- Jason