---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-11-30T21:39:59.994Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-30T21:39:48.065Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-30-a51bed7c-5a28-4c0b-92fd-ce2c1bb8d849.md
published: true
url: a51bed7c-5a28-4c0b-92fd-ce2c1bb8d849/index.html
_type: Article

---
This new season marks one year since we started Hot Shots. We were
lucky to have a good group of kids and parents grouped together. In this short
time, the boys have gone from playing 6 versus 6 to now 9 versus 9\. This is a
big jump, and while they're going to be playing at a higher level, we've
decided it's time to put more thought into how the team is coached.

Although we want to win every game, our top priority has to be to
develop the best players possible. We'll work to have fun, teach skills, and
develop the talent we have. Games are more fun, but the real development
happens at practices, where players touch the ball more, play more and get more
individual attention. We can't emphasize enough how important it is to come to
practice. It really is the key for us to help the boys acquire skills and gain
confidence. 

To help encourage the boys, we're going to start using motivational
patches. These will be iron-on patches the kids can receive from things like
Attending Practice, Hustling, Being Brave, Good Defense, Passing, etc. Ideally,
it will give the kids positive reinforcement to work towards the goals we're
teaching. 

For this to work, we need to ask parents to make an investment in a
backpack or sports bag. Backpacks are used by academy teams, and so the boys
have seen and will keep seeing them. These bags can hold their ball and water
bottle. I'll send out some links on very affordable backpacks and bags. I don't
think it's necessary to have the same kind, but if they were all black, I think
that would look nice. 

Finally, it's become really apparent that the kids who are really
playing at a higher level have been exposed to a lot of soccer. This can be
from older siblings or from watching games. If there's no older sibling, we
can't do anything about that, but we can help the boys see pros play and how
these skills we're working on look on the field. We've started a simple blog
(https://thegrid.ai/hot\_shots/) that has both videos for skills and some that
highlight great players showing off these skills and more. This can be a good
resource for the boys. We will talk about that more throughout the season. 

That's it. Looking forward to a great season. 

- Jason and Denis